c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Integrations.dll.config
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Integrations.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Integrations.pdb
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\obj\Debug\Integrations.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\obj\Debug\Integrations.pdb
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.BaseControl.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.CommonUtility.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.Dynamics.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Dynamics.Marketing.SDK.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.AifServices.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Configuration.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Listeners.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Logging.Providers.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Providers.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Browser.Web.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Core.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Win32Api.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Workflow.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Tooling.Connector.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Vsa.dll
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.BaseControl.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.CommonUtility.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.Dynamics.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Browser.Web.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Workflow.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Tooling.Connector.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Vsa.xml
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\obj\Debug\Integrations.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maildirect\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Integrations\Integrations\bin\ShopifyAPIAdapterLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Integrations.dll.config
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Integrations.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Integrations.pdb
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.BaseControl.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.CommonUtility.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.Dynamics.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Dynamics.Marketing.SDK.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.AifServices.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Listeners.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Logging.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Common.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Browser.Web.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Core.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Win32Api.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Workflow.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Tooling.Connector.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\ShopifyAPIAdapterLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.BaseControl.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.CommonUtility.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Crm.UnifiedServiceDesk.Dynamics.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Uii.Csr.Browser.Web.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Workflow.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Tooling.Connector.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\obj\Debug\Integrations.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\obj\Debug\Integrations.dll
C:\Users\Ungapped\Documents\GitHub\Integrations\Integrations\obj\Debug\Integrations.pdb
